Boundary: clarify public_cluster_addr and document load balancing (#3177)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v0.19.x/content/docs/configuration/controller.mdx

    Valid time units are anything specified by Golang's
    [ParseDuration()](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) method.

- `public_cluster_addr` - Specifies the public host or IP address, and
  optionally the port, at which workers can reach **this controller**.
  Each controller sets its own value. It is not a shared address for the
  cluster, and it is not the API address.

>   Workers use this address after their initial connection through the worker's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Workers use this parameter after their initial connection through the worker's
```

Reviewer: Would parameter be more accurate since it can be an address or a host?

  `initial_upstreams` block. On that first connection, the controller returns
  the current set of controller addresses, which Boundary sources from each
  controller's `public_cluster_addr`, or from that controller's `cluster`
  listener address if `public_cluster_addr` is not set. Workers then connect to
  controllers directly and balance across them.

  This parameter defaults to the address of the listener marked for the
  `cluster` purpose. If you omit the port, Boundary appends the default cluster
  port `9201`.

  Set this parameter when workers cannot reach a controller at its cluster
  listener address. This is common in cloud environments that do not bind a
  publicly accessible IP to a NIC on the host directly, such as an Amazon EIP,
  and when a TCP proxy sits in front of an individual controller.

  Do not set every controller to the same address, such as a load balancer
  address. Doing so prevents workers from reaching individual controllers and
  defeats their client-side load balancing. Refer to
  [Load balancing Boundary controllers](/boundary/docs/architecture/load-balancing)
  for how to combine this parameter with `initial_upstreams` and a load
  balancer.

>   This value can be a direct address string, can refer to a file on disk
>   (file://) from which an address will be read; an env var (env://) from which
>   the address will be read; or a
>   [go-sockaddr template](https://godoc.org/github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This value can be a direct address string, a reference to a file on disk
  (file://) from which an address will be read, an environment variable (env://) from which
  the address will be read, or a
  [go-sockaddr template](https://godoc.org/github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/template).
```
